Update complete application tutorial (#569)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/step_02/step_02.md

> The full code is available
<a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>.

# Algorithms used

The application contains functions for different tasks, such as cleaning data, making baseline predictions, 

> using machine learning (ML) for predictions, calculating metrics, and generating a dataset to display the predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application includes functions for various tasks, including data cleaning, creating baseline predictions, 
utilizing machine learning (ML) for predictions, computing metrics, and generating a dataset for displaying the predictions.
```

The function `clean_data` handles the task of cleaning the initial 
dataset. It does this by converting the 'Date' column into datetime 

> format. It takes an initial DataFrame as input and provides a cleaned copy of that DataFrame as output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clean_data` function manages the job of cleaning the initial dataset. It achieves this by transforming 
the 'Date' column into a datetime format. This function takes an initial DataFrame as input 
and delivers a cleaned copy of that DataFrame as its output.
```

```python
def clean_data(initial_dataset: pd.DataFrame):
    print("     Cleaning data")
    initial_dataset['Date'] = pd.to_datetime(initial_dataset['Date'])
    cleaned_dataset = initial_dataset.copy()
    return cleaned_dataset
```

## Predictions:
	
`predict_baseline()` and `predict_ml()` returns prediction values from the cleaned 
DataFrame (`cleaned_dataset`), the number of predictions to make (`n_predictions`), a 
specific date (`day`), and a maximum capacity value (`max_capacity`).

First, they pick the training dataset up to the date mentioned. After that, they perform certain calculations or adjustments to make predictions. 

> These predictions must not surpass the maximum limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially, they select the training dataset up to the specified date. Following that, they carry out specific calculations 
or adjustments to generate predictions. It's important to ensure that these predictions 
do not exceed the maximum limit.
```

    rmse = mean_squared_error(historical_to_compare, predicted_data)
    mae = mean_absolute_error(historical_to_compare, predicted_data)
    return rmse, mae
```

## Output dataset
	
`create_predictions_dataset()` creates a predictions dataset for visualization purposes. It 
takes:

- the predicted baseline values (*predictions_baseline*),

- ML predicted values 
(*predictions_ml*),

- a specific date (*day*), the number of predictions to make
(*n_predictions*),

- and the cleaned dataset (*cleaned_data*).

The function returns a DataFrame 
containing the date, historical values, ML predicted values, and baseline predicted values.

```python
def create_predictions_dataset(predictions_baseline, predictions_ml, day, n_predictions, cleaned_data):
    print("Creating predictions dataset...")
    
    ...

    predictions_dataset = pd.concat([
        historical_data["Date"],
        historical_data["Value"].rename("Historical values"),
        create_series(predictions_ml, "Predicted values ML"),
        create_series(predictions_baseline, "Predicted values Baseline")
    ], axis=1)

    return predictions_dataset
```

## Entire code (algorithms/algorithms.py)
	

> Chaining all the functions together can be represented as a following graph:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chaining all the functions together can be represented as the following graph:
```
